cloud: weekly schedule for backup (#13965)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/backup-and-restore.md

    - Toggle the **Auto Backup** switch to **On**.

    - In **Backup Cycle**, select either the **Daily** or **Weekly** checkbox. If you select **Weekly**, you need to specify the days of the week for the backup.

    - In **Backup Time**, schedule a start time for the daily or weekly cluster backup.

        It is recommended to schedule automatic backup at a low workload period. If you do not specify a preferred backup time, TiDB Cloud assigns a default backup time, which is 2:00 AM in the time zone of the region where the cluster is located.

    - In **Backup Retention**, configure the minimum backup data retention period.

    - Turn on or off the PITR (**Point-in-time Recovery**) feature.

        > **Note:**
        >

>         > - The PITR feature is enabled by default and cannot be turned off when you enable weekly backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        > - The PITR feature is enabled by default and cannot be disabled when you enable weekly backup.
```

>         > - If you change the backup cycle from weekly to daily, the PITR feature remains enabled. You can manually turn it off if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        > - If you change the backup cycle from weekly to daily, the PITR feature remains enabled. You can manually disable it if needed.
```
